Enhancements for generate-docs (#1732)
demisto/demisto-sdk: demisto_sdk/commands/generate_docs/README.md

* **-c, --command**
A comma-separated command names to generate doc for, will ignore the rest of the commands. e.g xdr-get-incidents,xdr-update-incident
* **-e, --examples**

> - Path for file containing examples. Each command should be in a separate line. or a comma seperated list of commands
> - Comma seperated list of the example, surrounded by quotes.
> If the file or list containing a command with more than one example for it, all of them will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Path for file containing examples. Each command should be in a separate line. or a comma seperated list of commands
- Comma separated list of examples, wrapped by quotes.
If the file or list contains a command with more than one example, all of them will be used.
```
